rn_v13.5.0 (#1826)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/v13.5.0.md

- `ck-patient-dashboard`: Italian localization is now available
- `ck-threshold-modal`: fixed a concurrency bug causing the component to show outdated thresholds  

#### Chat Service Backend

A new version `1.0.2` of Chat Service Backend is available!

This version upgrades Node.js to v20 and fixes some documentation links.

#### Notification Manager

A new version `2.4.2` of Notification Manager is available!

This version fixes a bug causing reminders not aborted correctly when an appointment was updated or deleted. 

#### Swagger Aggregator

##### Bug Fix

From Swagger Aggregator version `3.8.2`, the `oauthFlows.password.tokenUrl` format has changed from `uri` to `uri-reference` in the OpenApi 3.1 schema

#### Teleconsultation Service Frontend

A new version `2.0.2` of the Teleconsultation Service Frontend is available!

This version fixes a bug causing the UI language not matching sometimes the browser language.

#### User Manager Service

A new version `1.5.2` of the User Manager Service is available!

This version upgrades Node.js to v20 and several dependencies, including `custom-plugin-lib` to v6.

## How to update your Console

> For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `v13.8.1-beta.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `v13.9.0-beta.0`.

```

- `ck-patient-dashboard`: Italian localization is now available
- `ck-threshold-modal`: fixed a concurrency bug causing the component to show outdated thresholds  

#### Chat Service Backend

A new version `1.0.2` of Chat Service Backend is available!

This version upgrades Node.js to v20 and fixes some documentation links.

#### Notification Manager

A new version `2.4.2` of Notification Manager is available!

This version fixes a bug causing reminders not aborted correctly when an appointment was updated or deleted. 

#### Swagger Aggregator

##### Bug Fix

From Swagger Aggregator version `3.8.2`, the `oauthFlows.password.tokenUrl` format has changed from `uri` to `uri-reference` in the OpenApi 3.1 schema

#### Teleconsultation Service Frontend

A new version `2.0.2` of the Teleconsultation Service Frontend is available!

This version fixes a bug causing the UI language not matching sometimes the browser language.

#### User Manager Service

A new version `1.5.2` of the User Manager Service is available!

This version upgrades Node.js to v20 and several dependencies, including `custom-plugin-lib` to v6.

## How to update your Console

> For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `v13.8.1-beta.1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `v13.8.0`.

```
